Costar hyper rename (#544)
jhu-lcsr/costar_plan: costar_hyper/README.md

rclone copy drive:costar_block_stacking_dataset_v0.4 ~/.keras/dataset/costar_block_stacking_dataset_v0.4 --exclude="*failure*"
```

> Configure `hypertree_hyperopt.py` to run on the problem you'd like, the script supports both the cornell and the costar block stacking ataset. Sorry for the bad naming, this a historical artifact that should be resolved at some point in the future.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Configure `hypertree_hyperopt.py` to run on the problem you'd like, the script supports both the Cornell and the costar block stacking dataset. 
```
